RoomName: Bronze Tankard Inn
Desc: The main room of the inn is sparsely decorated, and populated the same.
Desc: You notice a faded painting of a woman, the only object that appears to be clean in the building, hanging over a smoldering fireplace.
Desc: Stairs to the west of you lead up to the rooms above.
Desc: A snort catches your attention from behind the bar, a Half-Orc barkeep stands behind it, idly cleaning a mug.
Desc: A heavy oak door to the East leads outside.
Exit: West 2
Exit: East 3

RoomName: Room at the inn
Number: 2
Desc: A simple room, it has a bed and a few of your personal items.
Desc: The stairs to the East lead back down to the main room.
Exit: East 1

RoomName: Bronze Tankard Inn exterior
Number: 3
Desc: A brick and mortar building sitting alone on the outskirts of town.
Desc: A worn sign reads "The Bronze Tankard".
Desc: The road South leads back home, but there is nothing for you in that direction.
Desc: The road North leads into the nearby forest, the oaken door to the West leads into the inn.
Exit: North 4
Exit: West 1

RoomName: Forest Entrance
Number: 4
Desc: An ancient archway carved from stone spans across the road, continuing North will have you pass through it.
Desc: The floor throughout the forest is dotted with puddles, soaked from the storm from last night.
Desc: A statue of a maiden stands in the middle of the road.
Desc: The road South will take you back towards the Inn.
Exit: South 3
Exit: North 5

RoomName: Ancient Forest Road
Number: 5
Desc: The trees in the forest loom over you, casting all beneath them in a pleasant shade.
Desc: The main path continues North, remnants of ancient cobblestones can be noticed buried in the soil.
Desc: You barely notice the faintest of trails leading off to the West.
Desc: You know the Ancient Archway lies to the South of here.
Exit: North 6
Exit: West 9
Exit: South 4

RoomName: Ancient Forest Road 2
Number: 6
Desc: You can hear birds chirping in the trees near here.
Desc: A muddy path leads off to your East.
Desc: The Ancient road continues to the North and South.
Exit: East 16
Exit: North 7
Exit: South 5

RoomName: Collapsed Cart
Number: 7
Desc: A decrepit old Merchant's Cart lays off to the side of the road.
Desc: The Ancient Road continues to the North and South.
Desc: Flowers line the foliage to your West, and a break in them suggests some sort of path.
Exit: North 8
Exit: West 15
Exit: South 6

RoomName: Cave Entrance
Number: 8
Desc: You stand before the gaping maw of a cave leading into the side of the mountain.
Desc: A noise softly echoes from within, could that be... snoring?
Desc: The Ancient road runs South, away from the cave.
Desc: Continuing North will take you into the cave.
Exit: North 200
Exit: South 7


RoomName: A Hidden Trail
Number: 9
Desc: You can barely make out a trail that runs West and East.
Desc: Another small path leads South.
Exit: West 12
Exit: South 10
Exit: East 5


RoomName: Hidden Trail Branch
Number: 10
Desc: A small trail runs to the North and West.
Exit: West 11
Exit: North 9

RoomName: A Modest Shrine
Number: 11
Desc: You emerge into a small clearing, its borders are well-kept and lined by a small fence.
Desc: A small, waist high shrine sits in the middle of this clearing.
Desc: A small trail runs to the North and East.
Exit: North 12
Exit: East 10

RoomName: Hidden Trail West
Number: 12
Desc: Flowers bloom peacefully here, their aroma fills the air.
Desc: You can barely make out a path that runs West and East.
Desc: There seems to be a patch in the foliage to the North where flowers aren't growing. Could it be a path?
Exit: West
Exit: East 9
Exit: South 11
Exit: North 13

RoomName: Garden Path South
Number: 13
Desc: You walk upon soft, well-kept grasses, and flowers of all varieties stretch for as far as you can see.
Desc: Their petals glistening in the light with water droplets.
Desc: A break in the flowers leads to your South.
Desc: The path the soft grass makes continues to your East.
Exit: East 14
Exit: South 12

RoomName: Garden Center
Number: 14
Desc: You come upon a gazebo nestled amongst the trees. Flowers have grown on and covered most of the structure.
Desc: The path the soft grass makes continues on to the North and West.
Exit: West 13
Exit: North 15

RoomName: Garden Path North
Number: 15
Desc: Soft grasses line the forest floor here, glistening in the light from last night's storm.
Desc: Flowers line the bushes and trees here. A small patch missing flowers leads off to your East.
Desc: The path the soft grass makes continues on to the South.
Exit: East 7
Exit: South 14

RoomName: Muddy Path West
Number: 16
Desc: You trudge your way down a muddy trail, your boots sucking in the mud.
Desc: There appear to be many footprints along the trail.
Desc: The trail continues to the East and West.
Exit: West 6
Exit: East 17

RoomName: Muddy Path
Number: 17
Desc: There a many footprints in the mud along the path here.
Desc: The trail continues on to the East and West.
Exit: East 18
Exit: West 16

RoomName: Muddy Path East
Number: 18
Desc: There are many footprints in the mud here.
Desc: Totems line the trees here, crafted from the bones of many animals.
Desc: You notice a few skulls that are most definitely humanoid.
Desc: The path continues to the North and West.
Exit: West 17
Exit: North 19

RoomName: Muddy Path North
Number: 19
Desc: More and more bones line the trees the further into the forest you travel.
Desc: Your boots make sucking noises in the mud beneath your feet.
Desc: A make-shift wooden gate sits to your North, and simple wooden walls wrap around the small village, its door sits ajar.
Desc: The muddy trail continues to your South.
Exit: South 18
Exit: North 20

RoomName: Kobold Village South
Number: 20
Desc: Simple huts made from sticks and mud dot the area.
Desc: The huts contain bedding made from animal skins.
Desc: A large bonfire burns to your North.
Desc: The village gate sits to your South.
Exit: North 21
Exit: South 19

RoomName: Kobold Bonfire
Number: 21
Desc: A roaring fire sits here, simple benches and drums sit around the fire.
Desc: A much larger hut sits to the North of here, more of the village can be explored East and West, the gate sits South of here.
Exit: North 22
Exit: South 20
Exit: East 23
Exit: West 24

RoomName: Kobold Village West
Number: 24
Desc: Small huts line the area here.
Desc: A wooden wall wraps around the village to the west of here.
Desc: The flames of the bonfire roar to the East of here.
Exit: East 21

RoomName: Kobold Village East
Number: 23
Desc: A few small huts sit closely together here. They appear to be in need of repairs and look ready to collapse.
Desc: The wooden wall wraps around the village to the east of here.
Desc: The flames of the bonfire roar to the West.
Exit: West 21

RoomName: Kobold Village North
Number: 22
Desc: The huts here seem to be more carefully crafted, they are adorned with colorful feathers and flowers.
Desc: A larger, sturdy hut, mostly built from wood sits to the North here, it is even more elaborately decorated than those surrounding it.
Desc: The flames of the bonfire roar South of here.
Exit: North 25
Exit: South 21

RoomName: Kobold Chief's Hut
Number: 25
Desc: Animal furs and pelts decorate the inside of this hut, several beds made out of straw and pelts are arranged in a circle.
Desc: The hut smells as though several creatures live here, with the size and decorations, you can deduce the Kobold Leader calls this home.
Desc: You can exit to the South.
Exit: South 22